seeing is a master selling kung fu whose
goal in life is to promote spiritual and
practical benefits of the art to
mandarin society experiment with various
methods but non-bear positive results
he then meets golden-like fung a
legendary hong kong soccer star in this
day who is now working with a limb
following the betrayal of a former
teammate
now a rich businessman
singh explains his desire to fool with
over his surface to cut sing in soccer
he unleashed his former showing brothers
to form a team under film management
xin and fung attempt to put together an
unbeatable soccer team
fung invites a physicist team to play
against them and the talks proceed to
give the solid dream a brutal beating
when all sim lost
the soul in disciples reawaken and
utilize their special powers dismantling
the other team rough play easily the
thugs then given up and asked to join
singh's team
singh meets me a baker with several acne
who use tai chi to bake manzo
and even texture to look at very
expensive dresses at the high hand
department store after hours
she soon formed an attachment to sing
and even get a makeover and attempt to
impress him however this backfires when
when me reveals her feelings to him he
tells her the only he wants to be her
friends
this relation coupled with the constant
bullying from her overhearing boss let's
do me disappear
tim shaolin interesting
competition in hong kong where they
chalk up successive and often ridiculous
one-sided fixeries
they end up meeting with team evil in
the final owned by none other than hung
team evil had been injected with an
american rock granting them superhuman
threatening and speed making them
practically invincible and they bring
team celine back to reality when team
evil's amazing capabilities prove more
than a match for them
after team evil check out team selling
goalkeeper me who has have her hair and
improve her face reappears to keep going
for team saul win
in their final attack team evils striker
leaps into the sky and kicks the ball to
with anomalous force towards me who
prevents him from scoring with her
martial arts
me and singh combine their martial skill
and rocket the ball dawn feel
the ball blow through team evil goal
pause thereby scoring the winning goal
seeing is then thrown into the air in
celebration as the trophy is presented
to him and his team
a newspaper article then show hung being
stripped of his title of soccer chairman
and sent to jail for five years while
team evil players are permanently brand
from playing soccer professionally
sing goes out for a morning walk and
feels happy to see people practicing
kung fu the camera pants to a poster of
sing and me who have since married and
become famous for winning a world
championship in bowling